docs: Add ProviderSearchDelay config param (#9526)
ipfs/kubo: docs/config.md

Type: `optionalInteger` (byte count, `null` means default which is 1MB)

### `Internal.Bitswap.ProviderSearchDelay`

> This parameter determines how long to wait before looking for providers in a bitswap session. 
> Other Routing systems like the DHT are able to provide results in less than a second, so lowering 
> this number will allow faster peers lookups in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter determines how long to wait before looking for providers outside of bitswap.
Other routing systems like the DHT are able to provide results in less than a second, so lowering 
this number will allow faster peers lookups in some cases.
```
